c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\bin\Debug\net8.0\raylib experiment.exe
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\bin\Debug\net8.0\raylib experiment.deps.json
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\bin\Debug\net8.0\raylib experiment.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\bin\Debug\net8.0\raylib experiment.dll
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\bin\Debug\net8.0\raylib experiment.pdb
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\bin\Debug\net8.0\Raylib-cs.dll
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libraylib.so
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\obj\Debug\net8.0\raylib experiment.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\obj\Debug\net8.0\raylib experiment.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\obj\Debug\net8.0\raylib experiment.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\obj\Debug\net8.0\raylib experiment.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\obj\Debug\net8.0\raylib experiment.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\obj\Debug\net8.0\raylib e.D68005AC.Up2Date
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\obj\Debug\net8.0\raylib experiment.dll
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\raylib experiment.dll
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\obj\Debug\net8.0\raylib experiment.pdb
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\obj\Debug\net8.0\raylib experiment.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\lukas\OneDrive\Dokument\SkolProgrammering\Raylib\raylib experiment\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\raylib experiment.dll
